Update compare profiles documentation (#31452)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/profiler/compare_profiles.md

## Accessing the comparison view

You can open different types of comparisons from different places in the UI.

### Comparing different time periods

> Go to **APM -> Profiles -> Comparison** and select a service to view its profiles over 2 distinct time periods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to **[APM > Profiles > Comparison][1]** and select a service to view its profiles over two distinct time periods.
```
Then we need to add `[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/profiling/comparison` at the very bottom of the page for this link.

{{< img src="profiler/compare_time_period.mp4" alt="Opening the comparison view to compare profile with an aggregation for two time periods." video="true">}}

> Select the metric you want to compare (the list varies based on code language). This can be helpful, for example, for looking at allocation spikes while investigating CPU profiles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select the metric you want to compare (the list of available metrics depends on the programming language). This allows you to correlate different performance issues, for example, by checking for memory allocation spikes while investigating a CPU profile.
```

Take note of the legend colors, which show:
 - Deepening shades of red for methods that take more time in profile B.
 - Deepening shades of green for methods that take less time in profile B.
 - Purple for methods that are only in profile A.
 - Blue for methods that are only in profile B.

These colors help you identify structural changes in your code between versions, time ranges, or canaries, and how they affect performance.

{{< img src="profiler/compare_legend.png" alt="Legend for profile comparison." >}}

Hover over methods in the profile to see specific metrics about the methods that are taking more or less time, or making fewer or more allocations, than in the compared profile.

{{< img src="profiler/compare_tooltip.png" alt="Hover over a method in the profile to see metrics comparison" >}}

### Comparing a profile to a previous time period

> From the single profile views, click **⇄ Compare** to open the comparison view.
> 
> By default, the selected profile is shown as Profile B. For Profile A, select an aggregation time frame and tags, or a specific profile ID.
> 
> Select the metric you want to compare (the list varies based on code language). This can be helpful, for example, for looking at allocation spikes while investigating CPU profiles.

Reviewer: Existing content is great as is, but it's a bit easier for users to follow when we put it in a numbered list like this:
```suggestion
To compare a profile you are viewing against a different time period or a specific profile:

1. From any single profile view, click **⇄ Compare** to open the comparison view.
2. The comparison view opens with your selected profile set as Profile B (the comparison target).
3. For Profile A (the baseline), select an aggregation time frame and tags, or provide a specific profile ID.
4. Select the metric you want to compare (the list of available metrics depends on the programming language). This is useful for correlating performance, for example, by checking for allocation spikes while investigating a CPU profile.
```

{{< img src="profiler/compare_single_profile_traces.mp4" alt="Opening the comparison view to compare a profile with an aggregation for a time frame." video="true">}}

### Comparing recent versions

> On the Explorer view, select a service to see its aggregated profile for a particular metric (for example, wall time) over the selected time frame. Then click **Compare To** to compare it to the aggregated profile of another version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the **Explorer** view, select a service to see its aggregated profile for a particular metric (for example, wall time) over the selected time frame. Then click **Compare To** to compare it to the aggregated profile of another version.
```
